Lu Caution is that you have harvested my old company
Made him jump off the building
If you don't kill me, I must kill you
Mr. Chen Zhen, I'm going to kill you, Police Officer Wang
Mr. Lu, look
Fly to the hospital and fuck me
Why would he stand in my way?
If that woman's knife were a little more skewed
It was his heart
No, he must have a purpose
Warm you
It's a good hard-to-get trick, isn't it?
I don't need your education
I don't need a woman to fall in front of me
Mr. Lu, you misunderstood
I saw a cat and a dog on the road
Will it be?
Don't look if you don't dare
Get him hospitalized
I'm not in the hospital.
Mr. Lu, if you are not feeling well, you can live by yourself
The police go through the hospitalization procedures
I said I'm not hospitalized, so be careful
Strange that this woman went to great lengths to drug me
Climb into my bed
Always pretending to be innocent
Cover your greedy desires
But why do I
I didn't resist him as much as I thought